Update OpenTracing deprecation with a timeline (#7743)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: CHANGELOG.md

  If you want to keep using `SHA1PRNG` as your SecureRandom, you can configure it in `.spec.kafka.config` in your `Kafka` custom resource.
* Support for JmxTrans in Strimzi is deprecated. 
  It is currently planned to be removed in Strimzi 0.35.0.

> * The `type: jaeger` tracing support based on Jaeger clients and OpenTracing API was deprecated in Strimzi 0.31.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support for `bridge.tracing=jaeger` tracing based on Jaeger clients and OpenTracing API was deprecated in the Strimzi 0.31 release.
```

>   The Jaeger clients are retired and the OpenTracing project is archived, we cannot guarantee their support for future Kafka versions anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the Jaeger clients are retired and the OpenTracing project is archived, we cannot guarantee their support for future versions.
```
